TELCODOCS-1111: D/S: OCPVE-218 LVMO recover from failure (#63394)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/lvms-troubleshooting-recovering-from-node-failure.adoc

// This module is included in the following assemblies: 
//
// storage/troubleshooting-storage.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="recovering-from-node-failure_{context}"]
= Recovering from node failure

Sometimes a persistent volume claim (PVC) is stuck in a `Pending` state, because a particular node in the cluster has failed. To identify the problematic node, you can examine the restart count of the `topolvm-node` pod. An increased restart count indicates potential problems with the underlying node, which may require further investigation and troubleshooting.

.Procedure

* Examine the restart count of the `topolvm-node` pod instances:
+
[subs="+quotes",options="nowrap",role="white-space-pre"]
----
$ oc get pods -n openshift-storage
----

> +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
.Example output
```

[source,terminal,options="nowrap",role="white-space-pre"]
----
NAME                                  READY   STATUS    RESTARTS      AGE
lvms-operator-7b9fb858cb-6nsml        3/3     Running   0             70m
topolvm-controller-5dd9cf78b5-7wwr2   5/5     Running   0             66m
topolvm-node-dr26h                    4/4     Running   0             66m
topolvm-node-54as8                    4/4     Running   0             66m
topolvm-node-78fft                    4/4     Running   17 (8s ago)   66m
vg-manager-r6zdv                      1/1     Running   0             66m
vg-manager-990ut                      1/1     Running   0             66m
vg-manager-an118                      1/1     Running   0             66m
----
+

> After resolving the issue with the node, if the problem persists and reoccurs, it may be necessary to perform the forced cleanup procedure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you resolve any issues with the node, you might need to perform the forced cleanup procedure if the PVC is still stuck in a `Pending` state.
```
